# competitive-gaming-webapp

Description

This applications is a full stack application written mainly in C# using ASP.Net MVC (Model View Controller). As the title suggests, it's a app that enables users to request other users to play in a 1v1 match in any online game that will streamed on Twitch. Users who receive such requests can choose to charge the requesting user money as a result using their Cash App accounts. In addition, users can also join leagues created by other users in order to play in a more competitive environment. Each league will host a season, which consists of a regular season and if enabled, a playoff stage. Users can choose how many games to play in the regular season, as well as enable each player to play every other user in the league or a select amount of players and how many times. Each league will track the record of each user and rank them in a league wide standing table and if enabled, division standing tables, in which the user can group players into divisions and rank them. As for the playoffs, the user has four options.  The first option is whole mode, which enables the user to host a league wide playoff that enables any player to be matched up with another player regardless of division. The second and third options are every similar since both are essentially divisions, except the scope of the teams these divisions hold. The division based playoffs enables users to play a mini-playoff in each of their divisions, and the "winners" of each of these divisions will play in a "final rounds" playoff to determine the champion of that league. This mode is essentially very similar to NCAA's March Madness Tournament. The combined divisions round is similar to the previous mode, but with one big difference: the combined divisions hold more than one division. In other words, a combined division is a combination of more than one division. This idea is similar to conferences in the NBA (Like Western and Eastern Conference) and in the NFL (Like NFC and AFC). Finally, users can request to construct a user defined playoff, in which the users do define specific head matchups (initial matchups). In the previous options, the matchups can be either be randomly determined or based on a numerical ranking that the user can defined (Like #1 ranked seed will play #8 ranked team, #2 to #7, etc). In this option, the user can specify which teams can match-up based on division/combined divison rankings. And the scope of these matchups can involve teams from different divisions, not just in the same division. This option is good for a World Cup style playoffs, for instance, since it enables very specific matchups. 
